content/VR/installation/installation.md, before:

---
title: "What needs to be installed"
description: ""
lead: "How to install the VR teleoperation application"
date: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  VR:
    parent: "installation"
weight: 630
toc: true
---

{{< alert icon="👉" text="Reachy 2021/2023 is already fully compatible with the teleoperation application. You have nothing to install on the robot." >}}

## On the Oculus Quest 2

There are two options for this device: use it **natively on the headset** or run it on your computer using an **Oculus link**.  
To use it natively, choose one of the following options to install it.  
If you want to use the Oculus Link, please refer to the *On Windows computer* section.

### From the Quest Store

Contact us on our [discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/519098054377340948/991321051835404409) to be added to the list of the beta testers.

### Using the apk

[Download the apk from our github repo](https://github.com/pollen-robotics/ReachyTeleoperation/releases), and install it to your device with your favorite tool (with the [meta quest developer hub](https://developer.oculus.com/meta-quest-developer-hub/) for instance).

## On the Windows computer

Make sure that your VR device is properly installed and running (please refer to your device documentation).

[Download the zip archive from our github repo](https://github.com/pollen-robotics/ReachyTeleoperation/releases), and unzip it. Simply launch the *TeleopReachy.exe* file to start the application.

Commit message:

Minor update of installation. Add download link

content/VR/installation/installation.md, after:

---
title: "What needs to be installed"
description: ""
lead: "How to install the VR teleoperation application"
date: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
lastmod: 2020-10-06T08:48:57+00:00
draft: false
images: []
menu:
  VR:
    parent: "installation"
weight: 630
toc: true
---

{{< alert icon="👉" text="Reachy 2021/2023 is already fully compatible with the teleoperation application. You have nothing to install on the robot." >}}

{{< alert icon="⬇️" text="<a href=\"https://github.com/pollen-robotics/ReachyTeleoperation/releases\"> Download the latest version of the app</a>">}}




## On the Oculus Quest 2

There are two options for this device: use it **natively on the headset** or run it on your computer using an **Oculus link**. If you want to use the Oculus Link, please refer to the *On Windows computer* section.
To use it natively, choose one of the following options to install it.  

### From the Quest Store

Contact us on our [discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/519098054377340948/991321051835404409) to be added to the list of the beta testers.

### Using the apk

[Download the apk from our github repo](https://github.com/pollen-robotics/ReachyTeleoperation/releases), and install it to your device with your favorite tool (with the [meta quest developer hub](https://developer.oculus.com/meta-quest-developer-hub/) for instance).

## On the Windows computer

Make sure that your VR device is properly installed and running (please refer to your device documentation).

[Download the zip archive from our github repo](https://github.com/pollen-robotics/ReachyTeleoperation/releases), and unzip it. Simply launch the *TeleopReachy.exe* file to start the application.
